Excerpt of a book that I wrote that contains an earlier version of a description of how things come into existence. It's not as complete or valid as the "physics file"

In the beginning, there was true randomness. Random.org might come kind of close. Definitely closer
than a number random generator would.
When individual bits of randomness are directly adjacent, when they are directly right next to each
other, and in sequence, mathematics (or “logic” and “reason” or other such ideas) try to simplify the
number of "things", into one "thing", because it could be possible. It might be 2 things being simplified
or 10 or 13,000, or even 900 quadrillion. But it's based on True Randomness. Obviously, it would be
unlikely that a given sequence, if one accounted for all sequences that came about, would have 900
quadrillion sequential bits of randomness. But it is possible, and would happen, sometimes.
When bits of randomness get simplified, simplification begins. And there's no going back on this. Even
if there are implications. Even if there are, perhaps to some standards, WEIRD implications.
Mathematical necessitation | Firstly, to appease mathematics, the relationship between the two or
more "things" needs to be defined clearly and explicitly. To do this, one requisite is that there needs to
be a set, singular ordering of the two or more "things", no going back, no changing. The "things" go in a
specific order.
Therefore | The ordering gets established, perhaps arbitrarily, in line with the way that mathematics
does it.
Mathematical necessitation | But the ordering can't be justified to mathematics as making sense,
without an observer. The observer would have the effect of validating and justifying the rather arbitrary
ordering. To the observer, the ordering is the proper ordering, and no other ordering would be proper.
Therefore | An observer comes about.
Mathematical necessitation | To justify the ordering, the observer gets awareness, of the validity of the
ordering.
Therefore | The observer gets awareness.
Mathematical necessitation | But the observer could not exist in a vaguely "valid" state, and hence
mathematics couldn’t be in order, without the observer being aware not only of the validity of the
ordering, but of the validity of the observer themselves.
Therefore | awareness of awareness comes about.
Mathematical necessitation | But the ordering can't be justified to mathematics as making sense, if it is
finite.
Therefore | An incessant extension of the ordering comes about, as a “background process”, if you will.
Each next item is one greater than the previous item.
Therefore | there’s an alteration of the awareness of the observer; the amount of awareness incessantly
increases.
Therefore | it could appear as if there were such things as “moments”, to the observer.
Therefore | it could appear as if there were “time”, to the observer.
Therefore | For the observer to validate the ordering, the observer would need to be able to “agree”
with sequential things, and “disagree” with nonsequential things.
For the observer to agree with a state with its awareness, it needs to experience sensation. Sensation is
the totality of agreement or disagreement. It is, somehow, stronger and more effective than a
hypothetical machine “agreeing” or “disagreeing”. The proof of this, is that beings, of course, experience
sensation.
9) Thus sensation comes about.
10) Thus a condition of (quote) “mental health” comes about.
11) Thus the need for validating one’s own awareness of awareness comes about: the awareness of
(another’s) awareness of (one’s own) awareness of awareness. This is awareness of awareness of
awareness of awareness. Also, they themselves are aware.
Therefore | awareness of awareness of awareness of awareness of awareness comes about.
To experience the sensation of agreement, it is necessary for Emotion.
Therefore | a being gets different emotional levels.
But it is impossible to experience tone levels without at least one universe. A universe could be thought
of as being comprised of space and content.
Therefore | a being gets the awareness of how to produce one universe, and the awareness of how to
produce space and content.
Therefore | a being uses that awareness to produce one universe, to produce space and to produce
content.
The space and the content in the universe, as well as relations with one or more other observers, have a
negative effect on the observer’s mental health and sensation.
Therefore | the being becomes inclined to improve their own mental health, and improve their own
sensation. (These two things are basically the same thing.)
Therefore | action comes about.
Therefore | the observer causes action.
Therefore | causation comes about.
Therefore | a consequence comes about.
Therefore | things could appear to be (quote) “happening through” (quote) time.


Chapter 2: Axiology and Ethics
Axiology
Ethics

Cycle of Ethical Behavior

Fixate
Worsen social relations
Find and take environmental data, research could be done, no “moral” or “ethical”
limitations.
Fix existential limitations problem for group.
Become somewhat “sane” again.
Go to 1. Repeat literally ad infinitum.

To be a Good Being, one must be able to be considered to be in the cycle by other(s), by self, and agree
with the Cycle of Ethical Behavior.

There are 3 kinds of observers (people, human beings, “men”, etc.)
1. A Good Observer; all others are 2 or 3
2. A Tool Observer, acts as a tool for Good Observer(s) and follows normal mores and “agree”s to
most things; all others are 3
3. An Abominable Observer; the “catch-all” for all other observers