

John had always been a little rough around the edges when it came to socializing. He didn't see the point in all the small talk and pleasantries that people exchanged. For him, it was all just a waste of time.

Over the years, this attitude had caused him to lose many friends and even some family members. But he didn't really care. To him, people were just distractions from what really mattered in life.

Despite his lousy social skills, John had a talent for mechanics. He could fix just about anything that had an engine or ran on electricity. And one day, he got a call from a wealthy businessman who had heard of his skills and wanted to hire him to work on an ambitious project.

The project involved designing a new type of engine that could run on alternative fuels and provide enormous power without any pollution. John was intrigued and spent long days and nights working on it. He didn't even realize how isolated he had become until the businessman pointed it out to him.

"You know, John, you could be a little more friendly," he said one day. "These guys are all working hard beside you, and they need your support."

But John just shrugged and continued working. He didn't see the point in making friends. He had a job to do, and that was all that mattered.

Months passed, and John worked tirelessly on the engine. There were setbacks and failures along the way, but he never gave up. And finally, after a year of hard work, the engine was ready to be tested.

The tests were successful beyond anyone's wildest dreams. The engine ran smoothly, provided immense power, and produced no pollution. The businessman was ecstatic, and he showered John with praise and accolades.

But John just smiled and got back to work. He didn't care about the praises or the recognition. He had accomplished what he had set out to do, and that was enough for him.

In the end, John's lack of social skills may have cost him some friendships and strained his relations. But it had also allowed him to focus completely on his work and succeed at something that would change the world for the better.

And that was something he would never regret.