

Once upon a time, there was a man named John. He was known in his community for his lack of concern for social niceties and his aloofness towards others. Despite this, he was well-respected for his work as a construction worker.

John never went out of his way to be kind or to make friends. Whenever he spoke to somebody, he was blunt and to the point, never bothering with pleasantries or small talk. As a result, most people avoided him.

But John didn't care. He had never been one to worry about what others thought of him. As long as he could work hard and get the job done, he was happy.

One day, John was approached by a group of businessmen who wanted to build a new skyscraper in the center of town. They had heard of John's reputation as a skilled builder and wanted him to lead the project.

John agreed, but he didn't bother to be friendly or congenial with the businessmen. He simply laid out the plans and got to work.

As construction began, John's no-nonsense approach became even more apparent. He barked orders at his crew and made sure everything was done precisely and efficiently. He didn't care if he came across as rude or abrasive – as far as he was concerned, he was getting the job done.

Despite his rough exterior, John's genius as a builder was undeniable. With his expertise, the skyscraper began to take shape at a breakneck pace. People walked by in awe, watching in amazement as the building rose higher and higher.

As the project neared completion, the businessmen came to see the final product. As they looked up at the towering structure, they couldn't help but be impressed. They turned to John and thanked him for his hard work.

John simply shrugged and turned to leave. He didn't bother to respond or to acknowledge their words of gratitude.

And yet, despite his prickly demeanor, John had accomplished something major. His skill and determination had led to the creation of a towering masterpiece that would stand as a testament to his genius for generations to come.

And as for John himself? He never cared much about what others thought of him – and he certainly never regretted it.